Update setup guide in README, fix first run spam (#10)
WalshyDev/cf-status-worker: README.md

## How do I set this up?

There are a few steps to the setup, but it should hopefully be pretty straightforward:

1. Clone the repo
2. Edit `src/config.ts` to set the status URL, name of the webhook, avatar and publish channel

> 3. Authenticate Wrangler with `npx wrangler login`, or set the `CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID` and `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN` environment variables (or put them in `.env`)

Reviewer: .env _works_ but i don't think we even document it. `.dev.vars` is the recommended way
```suggestion
3. Authenticate Wrangler with `npx wrangler login`, or set the `CLOUDFLARE_ACCOUNT_ID` and `CLOUDFLARE_API_TOKEN` environment variables (or put them in `.dev.vars`)
```

Author: 🤔 Are those env values read from `.dev.vars`? I thought `.dev.vars` was used for runtime secrets?

Author: https://developers.cloudflare.com/workers/wrangler/system-environment-variables/ specifically calls out that you can use a `.env` file
